docs(treeview): add drag events documentation (#1724)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/treeview/overview.md

| --- | --- | --- |
| `Class` | `string` | The additional CSS class that will be rendered on the `div.k-treeview` element. Use it to apply custom styles or [override the theme]({%slug themes-override%}). |
| `Size` | `string` <br /> `"md"` | Affects the TreeView layout, for example the amount of space between items. The possible valid values are `"lg"` (large), `"md"` (medium) and `"sm"` (small). For easier setting, use the predefined string properties in class [`Telerik.Blazor.ThemeConstants.TreeView.Size`](/blazor-ui/api/Telerik.Blazor.ThemeConstants.TreeView.Size). |

> | `DragThrottleInterval` | `int` 0 | Determines the time interval (in milliseconds) between the firing of the `OnDrag` event during the dragging operations.  |

Reviewer: You can also link here https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/blazor/performance?view=aspnetcore-7.0#dont-trigger-events-too-rapidly

```suggestion
| `DragThrottleInterval` | `int` <br /> (`0`) | The milliseconds between each firing of the `OnDrag` event during the dragging operations.  |
```

> | `DragThrottleInterval` | `int` 0 | The property determines the time interval(in miliseconds) between the firing of the `OnDrag` event handler during the dragging operations  |

Author: You are correct. It is a mistake on my part.
